Mom!
Mom, Mom!
48 minutes and 37 seconds. You took frigging long. I could’ve been dead by now! God damn it!
What happened? What do you think?
It was a test to see how fast you’d get here.
This whole thing was a test? Listen. A constant effort is needed to protect our family. You should be ready at all times. Got it? You have no faith in me. It’s not that. Your big brother did it, too. Really? How long did it take him? Less than 30 minutes. And he came alone.
I can’t believe you brought two minions. There’s no comparison, Mom. I’m no match for him. You’re right on that.
- You know what? I miss him. - You’re at it again.
Mom!
What the hell happened? Save it!
What’s this? What the hell were you doing? Beats me. -You’re pathetic. -It hurts. Stop planting trees around. You’ll build a forest before you know it. You’re beyond help, SOB! Get a life!
Who was it? Who kidnapped Mom? It’s over, Bro. Go finish planting a tree.
I’m always left in the dark.
Put it on a vibrating mode.
Boss.
It's time to go.
This is my favorite song. - I know no songs. - What?
You must be too busy with your business I like hard-working men like yourself.
I go to work at 2 p.m. and get off at 6. God, that’s a life. I don’t like a hectic life. I like taking it easy.
And I drink every night. Drinking? I absolutely love it. 5 shots of boilermaker get me, though. Like a blinking light.
Hyo-jung, right?
- Do you have time? - A lot.
What about pride?
None.
You’re senseless, and I’m rude.
Let’s not waste time.
Excuse me.
What could’ve gone wrong?
I’m sorry.
He’s so cool.
What’s wrong with her?
What kind of chick would you like?
Let me tell you. You’re too picky with girls.
You’ll never know. Okay?
You okay, Boss? You bastard!
Hi.
Hi, Miss Prosecutor.
Let go!
Bingo!
A padded bra?
What do you take yourself for? An utility pole?
Have a seat.
It’s all there.
You can’t bribe me with that.
No way.
I’ll have a box full of cash delivered to you. You don’t get it, do you? Money won’t do.
Especially if it’s from a thug like you. You came to return the money, wearing a wire? To bust my ass? Let me tell you. I always check faces of those that I’m arresting. Don’t be so uptight. Have some juice and relax.
We’ll talk then.
Thought I’d drink it?
I know your trick.
You put drugs in it! You got me there.
I thought you might like getting high. -You son of a... -Gulp it down.
Once you get high, my boys will gang-bang you.
What? A gangbang? Why upset?
After the gangbang, we’ll sell you off to an island. Hey! I’m KIM Jin-kyung, a prosecutor of violent crimes!
A gangbang? I’ll break your skull!
Sell me off to an island?
What the fuck do you take a prosecutor for?!
I’ll kick your ass!
You drank it.
You’re... dead meat.
Strip her and take pictures. My pleasure.
Bitch!
Hot!
Get her!
God damn it! See which floor she gets off!
Mister, help me. Miss! Are you okay?
Wake up, Miss. Miss?
Mind your own business and hit the road.
I can’t do that.
You’ll regret it.
Beat it before I make you.
Asshole!
You son of a bitch!
What’s going on here?
When’d you become a cop? I bought it at the market.
Anyway, who were those fucks?
It stinks!
Why strip her?
Look at this. I had no choice.
Have fun, Boss.
So strange.
She’s a carbon copy of Jin-sook.
This tearoom is so nice.
This is the coolest one in Seoul. It’s called a café up here, not a tearoom. A café?
What does it mean? “To hit”?
No. A place to drink coffee.
Man, you’re such a genius.
Ready to order?
Shit, it’s all in English.
Coffee will do for me. Make it cold.
You want an iced coffee?
- No, a cold coffee. - Yes, an iced coffee. No, a cold coffee with ice in it!
- Make it ice-cold. - Beat it!
I can’t believe that bitch.
Why can’t she just get us what we order? They must be out of cold coffee.
What’s this? You do have a cold coffee. Why’d you lie? She must’ve borrowed some from next door.
Wait. We didn’t order this. They give you an extra here in Seoul. -So it’s like a baby? -That’s right.
- Too sweet! - You’re sweeter!
She made it too sweet.
Too bitter!
That bitch ruined it. So bitter.
You had a close call. It’s not broken, is it?
Penis never gets broken, but torn off. Some ignorant thugs say, “My cock is broken.” But let me tell you. That’s just plain wrong. Okay.
But it’s...
Oh, these metal balls?
I had to remove them for the procedure. How many?
2, 4, 6, 8, 10. You put in so many.
We don’t use these cheap, low-quality balls. A lot of side effects, and very bad for your body. I see.
At our hospital, we only use top-quality metal balls.
You want them inserted?
No. I think I can do without them. Suit yourself. Until your penis heals...
You need to keep this on for a few days.
Should I put it on you?
Once you get high, my boys will gang-bang you.
After the gangbang, I’ll sell you off to an island.
Weren’t you cold?
Who are you?
Why are you naked? Do you know who I am? That’s...
Answer me now!
You don’t remember? Last night in the parking lot... The parking lot? What did you do to me? Nothing. You were unconscious, and I didn’t know where you live. So you brought me here? It’s not what you think. You touched me, didn’t you? You’re dead!
I never touched you!
You did me with that ugly thing!
Nothing happened. Trust me.
Stay back, or I’ll kill you.
Where are my clothes? Bring them!
Is she okay?
You plant trees in and out of the house.
You should be awarded. Arbor Day isn’t the only day to plant trees.
I’m a bare mountain.
You’re overdoing it again. Okay, fine. I’ll turn you into a jungle.
Good morning, Sir.
Let’s see.
Was it good, Boss?
It’s not that.
Don’t be shy with me.
Nothing happened.
No shit.
How’s that possible?
You remember my ex, Jin-sook?
One with a crazy perm? Yeah, I remember her. Doesn’t she look like her?
- Very much so, Boss. - Right.
So you banged her all night until your cock got swollen?
I said nothing happened. Pull your pants up. Okay.
And...
- Come here. - Okay.
Your damn fly is open. - Let me zip it. - You can’t go in there!
- How are you? - Who are you? We’re social workers from ‘Share Love.’ So what?
You can help the needy and share love.
So you’re saying you wanna help the poor... By extorting money from us? That’s not it. If you make a donation...
That’s extortion! You bastard! Let me teach you who we are. Jong-myun.
Once we help them, they’ll come back for more. Life is pain. They need to be independent. You don’t watch the news? That famous doctor has succeeded in copying humans... ...and Babel Prize... Son of a bitch!
- Hey. - Yes, Boss? You’re not making sense. I’m sorry. He got me too upset.
Come here.
Okay.
1 grand?!
Here’s my name card. Call me anytime. I can drop by and tell you all about our work.
Your family name is JANG. Family origin?
It’s Ik-san. Really? Me, too! Is that right? What family are you from? - White Tiger Family. - White tiger?
Wanna join the family?
Good with knives? Thank you. Bye.
Nice meeting you.
We JANGs are all handsome.
-Jin-kyung! -BONG.
What happened last night? Are you okay?
You got me worried sick.
I’m fine, am I not?
You’re gonna let them go? No way. Pick them up right now. A little bird told me that they traffic drugs. I’m waiting for a bigger bust.
- I’m so sorry. - No problem.
Jin-kyung, it’s a CCTV tape from that hotel. - Of the parking lot? - Right.
Bite your teeth hard, asshole. You feel that?
Come on, keep your head up. Not too high, asshole.
You feel that? We’re not done yet!
You’re pathetic.
Why are you messing around with a sandbag? What’d it do to you?
I have to train constantly to protect our family. Prevention is better than cure.
How about trying harder in bed if you value the family?
What are you saying? Producing children is also helping the family.
What? Stop nagging me, bitch, before I make you.
Let go of my arm. Right now! Let me jog your memory. I ruled the high school. Don’t forget that. Don’t push the button.
Mother’s looking for you.
This is embarrassing.
- You called them in Seoul? - Yes.
And?
They tried to hook him up, but he turned them all down.
What?
Go to Seoul and find him a wife by my birthday next month. Understood? Okay, Mom. By my birthday!
Hello? Young-mi? It’s me, Suk-jae.
I bought you a cell phone. Remember? One with a thick accent.
I’m coming to Seoul today.
Anything you want?
What dung? Louis VuiDung? You want me to buy you dung?
You’re hurting me!
Oh, it’s a brand name? No problem.
I’ll call you when I’m in town.
Not too hard!
Who on earth would name their brand Dung?
You never buy me anything. You’re not pretty enough.
You buy her Louis Vuitton. Why not me?
You’re a hooker, and she’s not. Be grateful that I hire you once a week!
Suk-jae, keep it up, and I’ll tell your wife!
You’re so hot-tempered. Okay, fine. I’ll buy you dung, too. - Really? - Of course.
You hold onto boobs all day. What are you, a calf?
We’re leaving now. Can I finish what I’ve started? There are boobs in Seoul, too. Where’s the fire?
That asshole is too pushy.
We’ll finish this later.
Okay.
Who is it?
Right after I fell asleep!
Hi.
- Can I come in? - Sure, but...
Bravo!
Sorry about this morning. I didn’t know you’d saved me.
Well... it’s nothing.
Thanks for saving my life.
No, don’t mention it.
I don’t even know your name.
You want to?
Yes...
My name is... My name is...
Was I in your dream, Bro?
Were you dreaming?
- Suk-jae. - Yeah, it’s me.
What are you doing here? Mom sent us.
Why?
We were told to find you a wife by her birthday. Otherwise, she’s gonna marry you to any girl she sees. She’s at it again. What can we do? We have to bring back you and your wife-to-be.
Don’t worry. I’ll handle it.
Since you’re here, Why don’t we go drinking? I want to. But I gotta go buy dung and plant a tree. I’ll take a rain check. We should let him rest. Let’s go.
- Go back to bed. - Sleep tight.
It’s not locked.
It’s open.
I don’t have any laundry to...
Hi.
What brings you here?
- To return your clothes. - Yes...
Sorry about this morning. I wasn’t myself and forgot to thank you. Okay then. Bye.
- Can I have your name card? - Sure.
You’re a social worker?
How nice.
Can I have yours?
I don’t have one. But I’ll call you tomorrow. Your name?
Jin-kyung. KIM Jin-kyung.
Jong-myun?
You have that guy’s card from Share Love?
Yeah, that one. Buy out his number by morning.
Are you eating, Boss?
What do I look like I’m doing?
Sorry.
- How did it go? - It’s been taken care of. Good.
What’s going on out there?
Should I knock your teeth out?
Keep you head up.
Don’t I look familiar? Your guts are spilling all over. Stop hitting me.
How could you extort money from a gangster?
- I didn’t. - Shut up! Where were you thinking? We were just trying to help those in need. Where’s this society going? Asshole!
Look.
What’s going on?
You told him to get him, didn’t you?
I know things are tough these days. But extorting money from a gangster? That’s completely crazy. I told you to get his number. Not his organization, fool.
- I’m sorry, Boss. - You’re an idiot!
What the fuck goes on in your damn head?
Suk-jae, What can I do with this head?
You can use it to balance yourself, asshole.
That’s right. Nobody can beat this deal.
Hold on a second.
Share Love. May I help you? KIM Jin-kyung? I’ll fucking put you... I’ll put you through.
It’s KIM Jin-kyung, sir.
Jin-kyung? Hi. What? Dinner?
You took care of it? Yes, we gave them money for hospital. And we’ll meet later to discuss our partnership. - Good. - Sure.
- What about name cards? - Right here.
Why social work suddenly? It’s not our cup of tea.
If we’re gonna do it, let’s change the name first.
‘Share Love’ is so corny. Isn’t it? Yeah, it sounds like we are promoting orgies.
Any ideas?
It’s a global age. Why don’t we make it in English?
Anything good in mind? Of course! We are introducing a new business. So we’re like a MC. Right.
A MC launching a business... What about ‘MC Business’?
You must study English hard.
You go to an academy?
But it's too difficult. Yes, we‘re not good at English. Korean is better. It‘s your problem. I study hard these days.
Do you know what an orange is called in English?
Orange?
I know it... Orange... Orange...
It‘s... It‘s on the tip of my tongue.
Orange, orange... Hey, Jon-myun! You can tell me instead of me.
Jong-myun, do you know it? How can I know it. - You don‘t know me yet? - Why are you yelling at me? Bitch! I forget again because he yelled.
So tell me what is it? You all idiots. It‘s Delmont!
Right, Delmont! I only remembered Del.
Maybe there‘s an eraser in my head. So get it out, fool.
What a pity. I almost remembered.
- Seok-jae. - Yes, bro.
What is Sunkist in English?
Why you didn‘t tell you saved me?
I‘m OK if you are safe.
Dae-su, I have a question about your business. ‘Sharing Love’.
Can you tell me about it?
Well...
we establish a healthy contribution culture and help needy neighbor...and...
It‘s a great job.
But I don‘t know what you do yet.
Me? I‘m an... official.
Ah, you serve your country.
So what were you doing at the hotel?
Well, I had something to return...
If you have problem again, call me.
I‘ll give you a new name card.
Jang In-jae? The name is changed. It was Dae-su in old one.
Dae-su Jang In-jae. It‘s my alias.
Wow, you have an alias?
I‘ll do it for you.
Where did you go? I‘m waiting for you. Why?
What‘s that?
I prepared this for your wedding.
Watch carefully and pick one.
I‘m OK, you pick one. I don‘t need it. I‘m already married.
I‘m seeing someone. So don‘t do that again. You have girlfriend? I had dinner with her.
Wow, my brother finally get a tree to plant? Is she beautiful?
She‘s beautiful, and a public official.
Public official? That‘s nice. Mom always wanted a smart daughter in law. Well, your wife is an ignorant person.
Son of bitch! I know that.
Someone‘s here. Open the door.
What did you say? It‘s a letter massage.
Who? That...
Hey, let letter massage come in.
Where are you going?
You two are fool brothers.
What is it?
It‘s smuggled goods from China ‘Breast cream’. Breast cream? What‘s that? You haven‘t heard of it? It makes woman‘s boobs get bigger. Wow, that‘s amazing.
Hey, you want one? What? You‘ve got to be kidding. Or two?
Hyo-suck, you want some?
I don‘t need it.
What are you doing?
Ah, I‘m working.
What?
You look like you‘re trying to cover something up.
I have nothing to hide.
That‘s not true. You can‘t avoid my intuition.
What‘s this? What?
What are you doing?
Let me see. I got it!
I‘m very good at collecting evidence.
Jang In-jae, Sharing Love.
You didn‘t have dinner with me because of him?
Stop it, it‘s not funny.
You‘re evading a statement now. You‘re asking a leading question.
Well, are you free tonight? I‘m sorry, today is tough. Are you going to meet that guy? It seems like a personal relationship. Let‘s drop it, OK? Get out, please. You have the right to refuse to answer questions.
OK, let‘s stop here.
She‘s strange.
Hello. Yes, Jin-kyung.
OK, sure. See you later. Look at you. You‘re smiling from ear to ear. He‘s totally falling in love. Yes.
You already sleep with her?
Who knows? Their love will be matured. Tell us honestly, bro.
Did you sleep with her?
I can‘t even hold her hand yet. What? Even hand? What the hell...?
Why didn‘t you do anything? When you meet a girl. Your rhythm is the most important thing. Only my rhythm.
I feel heavy. I did it only in my mind.
Boss, I have...
I have good idea.
The theater is the best place to kiss a girl, Boss.
If you choose a horror movie,
all you have to do is just sit down.
- Don‘t say anything from now on. - Yes, boss.
I brought burning shame on myself.
So why did you believe me, boss.
What‘s wrong?
What‘s this? It‘s inferior crap!
Damn it... In-jae?
What, now?
I‘m about to go out.
OK, I‘m right there.
If you wanna feel her boobs, a motorcycle is the best.
Because she cannot help holding you tight.
- Jin-kyung, Hold tight! - W...wait!
Seok-jae, thank you.
It‘s working, isn‘t it?
That‘s why I said I‘m expert about erotic love.
Give me another chance.
How about going to a theme park? Riding the rollercoaster...
- Jong-myun. - Isn‘t it good? - Shut up. - Yes, boss.
Jong-myun?
In-jae? Maybe you‘re busy, now.
Today was so great.
Actually I have something to tell you.
I can‘t hide it anymore.
I‘m a prosecutor in charge of crimes of violence.